c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\ActivAID.exe.config
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\ActivAID.exe
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\ActivAID.pdb
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Jint.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Syn.Bot.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Syn.Log.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Syn.Neuro.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Syn.VA.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Syn.WordNet.dll
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Syn.Bot.xml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID.g.resources
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID.exe
c:\users\jonathan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID.pdb
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\ActivAID.exe.config
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\ActivAID.exe
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\ActivAID.pdb
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Jint.dll
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Syn.Bot.dll
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Syn.Log.dll
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Syn.Neuro.dll
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Syn.VA.dll
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Syn.WordNet.dll
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\bin\Release\Syn.Bot.xml
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\App.g.cs
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\Settings.baml
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID.g.resources
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID.exe
C:\Users\arca\Desktop\ActivAID\ActivAID\obj\Release\ActivAID.pdb
